Add links, minor changes in documentation (#1716)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/getting-started-tutorial-1.md

1. Right click on the Solution and select `Manage NuGet Packages for Solution` from the context menu.

    - Click on the Updates tab, and update any of the packages that may need to update.

>     - **Click back on the Browse tab and install the following NuGet Packages to each of the projects in your solution**:

Reviewer: No need for bold at this location

    ```

    > [!IMPORTANT]

>     > Because we want to be able to respond to changes in our model we'll want to bring in the ObservableObject in the MvvmHelpers namespace, from the Refactored.MvvmHelpers NuGet package we installed earlier, in .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Because we want to be able to respond to changes in our model we'll want to bring in the ObservableObject in the MvvmHelpers namespace, from the Refactored.MvvmHelpers NuGet package we installed earlier.
```

    }
    ```

> We will use this converter to show the issue dates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will use this converter to show an issue's date.
```
